"Cookies were baked by Sarah." Label: False
"The cat was chased by the dog." Label: False
"The championship was won by the team." Label: False
"A novel is being written by Carmen." Label: False
"A new product was launched by the company." Label: False
"The broken window was fixed by Jack." Label: False
"A delicious meal was prepared by the chef." Label: False
"The roof was damaged by the storm." Label: False
"The lesson was explained by the teacher." Label: False
"The walls were painted by the kids." Label: False
"The car was repaired by the mechanic." Label: False
"Flowers were planted in the garden by the gardener." Label: False
"The new song was performed by the singer." Label: False
"A novel is read.", Label: False
"Food is not cooked by him.", Label: False
"Are books being purchased by him?", Label: False
"Plants are grown by them.", Label: False
"I am taught by her.", Label: False
"A song is being sung by Esha.", Label: False
"Vegetables are not being chopped by Kritika.", Label: False
"Is a table being bought by Ritika?", Label: False
"Poor people are being served by them.", Label: False
"Dinesh is being disturbed by her.", Label: False
"She has been challenged by Nitesh.", Label: False
"An article has not been written by Radhika.", Label: False
"Has apartment been left by them?", Label: False
"This masterpiece has been created by her.", Label: False
"The newspaper has been read by me.", Label: False
"The floor was cleaned by Reema.", Label: False
"A bicycle was bought by Aisha.", Label: False
"My friends were called by Naman.", Label: False
"He was saved by me.", Label: False
"The bills were paid by Miraya.", Label: False
"The wall was being painted by Nitika.", Label: False
"The car was being repaired by Manish.", Label: False
"Was the poem being recited?", Label: False
"The cake was being baked by her.", Label: False
"I was being watched by her.", Label: False
"The floor had been cleaned by Misha.", Label: False
"The parcel had not been received by Vidhi.", Label: False
"The doubt had been solved.", Label: False
"Had the thief been caught by them?", Label: False
"Fifty thousand had been paid by me.", Label: False
"The bag will be sewed by Kriya.", Label: False
"The things will not be arranged by Disha.", Label: False
"Will the floor be mopped by you?", Label: False
"The letter will be posted.", Label: False
"Money will be saved by Reena.", Label: False
"The toy will have been brought by them.", Label: False
"The table cover will not have been changed by Nimesh.", Label: False
"Will the notes have been written by her?", Label: False
"The match will have been won by them.", Label: False
"A shirt will have been washed by Vijay.", Label: False